README.md, before:

# A Mini Guide to NationBuilder

A microsite with tips & techniques for developing websites with [NationBuilder](http://nationbuilder.com/).

GitHub subdomain URL: [https://chrisbup.github.io/nationbuilder-guide/](https://chrisbup.github.io/nationbuilder-guide/)  
custom domain URL: [https://www.chrisheuberger.com/nationbuilder-guide/](https://www.chrisheuberger.com/nationbuilder-guide/)

## Built With

* Jekyll template [Skinny Bones](http://mmistakes.github.io/skinny-bones-jekyll/)
* Stylesheet using Sass

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions so if you spot any mistakes or see any room for improvement, please let us know by following these steps.

##### Fork, then clone the repo:
```
git clone git@github.com:RadishLab/nationbuilder-guide.git
```

##### If you don't already have Jekyll installed, run:
```
gem install jekyll
```

Check out the [Jekyll docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/) if you have any questions.

##### Install dependencies:
```
bundle install
```

##### Open `_config.yml` and comment out the URL like so:
```
url: # /nationbuilder-guide
```

##### In your terminal, run:
```
jekyll build
```

##### Then run:
```
jekyll serve
```

##### You should then be able to go here in your browser to see the site locally:
```
http://localhost:4000/
```

##### Now you're ready to make your change.

Then, you can push to your fork and submit a pull request.

Please allow us some time to respond. And thanks for contributing!

## Helpful References
* [NationBuilder Docs](http://nationbuilder.com/docs)
* [NationBuilder Theme Docs](http://nationbuilder.com/theme_documentation)
* [NationBuilder Website HOWTOs](http://nationbuilder.com/ht_website)
* [NationBuilder's Guide to Liquid](http://nationbuilder.com/liquid_basics)
* [NationBuilder FAQs](http://nationbuilder.com/questions)
* [NationBuilder Developer's Blog](http://nationbuilder.com/developers)
* [NationBuilder Designer's Blog](http://nationbuilder.com/designers)

If you have any questons or feedback, please email us at [nationbuilder-guide@radishlab.com](mailto:nationbuilder-guide@radishlab.com)

Commit message:

remove GitHub Pages, update README

README.md, after:

# A Mini Guide to NationBuilder

A microsite with tips and techniques for developing websites with [NationBuilder](http://nationbuilder.com/).

Site URL: [https://nationbuilder-guide.chrisheuberger/](https://nationbuilder-guide.chrisheuberger/)

Built With Jekyll template [Skinny Bones](http://mmistakes.github.io/skinny-bones-jekyll/)

## Local Development

##### Install dependencies:
```
bundle install
```

##### You may need to comment out the URL in `_config.yml` like so:
```
url: # /nationbuilder-guide
```

##### In your terminal, run:
```
jekyll build
```

##### Then run:
```
jekyll serve
```

##### View the site locally:
```
http://localhost:4000/
```

## Deployment

Deployed using Netlify.

## Helpful References
* [NationBuilder Docs](http://nationbuilder.com/docs)
* [NationBuilder Theme Docs](http://nationbuilder.com/theme_documentation)
* [NationBuilder Website HOWTOs](http://nationbuilder.com/ht_website)
* [NationBuilder's Guide to Liquid](http://nationbuilder.com/liquid_basics)
* [NationBuilder FAQs](http://nationbuilder.com/questions)
* [NationBuilder Developer's Blog](http://nationbuilder.com/developers)
* [NationBuilder Designer's Blog](http://nationbuilder.com/designers)
